RE: MRA600 Notifications - UMP Product Requirements Review Follow Up. Hi all,

 

Please find below notes as discussed during the call today. UMP Product
Requirements pages will be updated accordingly to provide clarity where
needed.

 

Let us know if there are any further questions.

1.        

2.       MRA600_UMP_DLR10.5 - Note: Standard UMP SLA is 24 hours to
process and send out notifications. In the case there is a specific
deadline for notifications to be distributed by, UMP must receive a
request 24 hours in advance.

3.       Above note is very important. This shows that UMP may not be
able to meet 48 hour MRA timeline. Please clarify this.

4.       [AT] Need USIM engaged to work out the timing between source,
EDPP, and UMP.

Note: we are still waiting for MRA600 to confirm volumes and timing of
the file. Based on this we'll be able to provide a better answer of
expected processing time. 

The following is generic UMP guideline: 

 

Time Window

Volume (Number of Records)

Processing Time

Status to EDPP

Confidence Level

12 am to 4 am

Reserved for maintenance and scheduled jobs

4 am to 9 am

100K - 500K

30 - 180 mins

same day

99%

9 am to 9 pm

100K - 500K

30 - 120 mins

same day

99%

9 pm to 10 pm

100K - 500K

30 - 120 mins

same day

70%

10 pm to 12 am

100K - 500K

30 - 120 mins

same day*

30%

same day + 1

99%

* Potentially partial data will be sent to EDPP

** This stats needs review every release to account for other new
consumers

 

When should EDPP action for Direct Mail? Is it after UMP sends "Maximum
Retries Reached" status OR "Bounce Back (email bounce back is received)"
OR both?

[AT] The status is sent to EDPP nightly, MRA to decide when to trigger
paper notifications. UMP will provide support to define statuses and
extraction criteria. 

MRA600 to engage EDPP for the EDPP consumption process, this contact to
work with UMP to define criteria to meet business needs. 

 

Requirements do not consider Versioning support for templates. If Prod
folder and Historical folder are used then Template URL will become
invalid as the template changes

[AT] There is only one template version that can be used for the certain
alert type at any given time. Historical versions will be maintained in
WCM. For each message UMP will pass template name with version number to
EDPP. 

[Per Howard] This would require a PCR.

 

Requirements do not consider WCM to EDPP interface – Solution option 1. 

[AT] Historical versions will be maintained in WCM and UMP will
provision links to WCM repository (in EDPP feed).

[Per Howard] This would require a PCR.

 

Requirement states Only data from the previous day will be extracted for
UMP to EDPP batch- Why is this drafted in this manner. It has exclusion
logic of those emails which are not success nor failure and still in
retry for day 2.

EDPP – UMP -> I think this is not OK -> The cut off to extract files is
midnight. Files are expected to be available daily between 2 - 8 am.

[AT] UMP will extract all delta records (records that have been modified
or added) during the day. Extraction will happen at midnight for the
previous day. In this particular scenario the status will be update to
'waiting for retry'.

Issues and delays of notifications will be identified and send to EDPP
by the second midnight (within the 48 hours window), allowing for direct
mail to be sent. 

 

Why is this a requirement - ?? "For the incoming batch file UMP will be
processing records as these are coming in. This process will not impact
daily extraction to EDPP. In the case when incoming batch file is not
fully processed before the cut-off, statuses will only be extracted for
records already processed." This delays processing of EDPP and
eventually MRA SLA.

[AT] Requirement for UMP is to capture delta records regardless if the
whole file was processed or not. Refer to the table above. Will
update/clarify in Clarity.

 

Ahamed had earlier mentioned retention is 90 days. Requirements say -
Existing UMP standards are applied for retention rules (i.e. current
rule is to store data for 7 years in the SMDB). At another place,
requirement says – "History of email notifications shall be auditable
for 10 years."

[AT] UMP will store data for 90 days. EDPP will store data based on the
defined retention period. There are discussions happening to have 7 vs.
10 years retention.

 

Architects need to agree with this. I think this is not ok. -> UMP
preference not to receive any batch files from 21:00 pm until 4 am –
schedule for each consumer is defined in the detailed requirements.

[AT] 12 am to 4 am is time reserved for maintenance and scheduled jobs –
the files can be sent to UMP, but these won't be processed. Any files
received from 9 pm till 12 am may potentially result in partial data
sent to EDPP. Refer to the table above.

 

When UMP feedback to EDPP fails, OR EDPP file to UMP is rejected
entirely without processing, requirements state to involve Manual L2
support for resolution and no systematic way. Is Business OK with this?
It delays MRA SLA.

[AT] System errors will be communicated to L2 Support. As an optional
feature MRA can choose for UMP to notify L2 if file wasn't received as
per defined schedule.

 

System Requirements do not mention anything about CCAPPLY US Bank Card
Account opening use case. I think UMP needs to configure and onboard new
consumer for CCAPPLY. Business requirements has reference to this
though.

[AT] This is an existing onboarding exercise – no new UMP functionality
will be built for this. Will call out in the assumptions section.

 

For Batch request – 4.8 – Note isn’t complete. Note: this requirements
only addresses failure of the whole file, rejection of the individual
records will.

[AT] Will update.

 

In case of One or more fields within the file exceed maximum allowable
field length as defined in batch file format why UMP will drop it, why
not reject the record.

In case of Incorrect field value format of one or more fields within the
file format why UMP will drop it, why not reject the record.

In case of Invalid record type provided within the file, why UMP will
drop it, why not reject the record.

In case of Invalid record structure where record doesn't have the right
number of fields, why UMP will drop it, why not reject the record.

[AT] This is are the scenarios where UMP won't be able to do a bulk-load
to database and records will be dropped. As per data requirements,
MRA600 need to ensure to send valid data to UMP. UMP will provide
information for the dropped records as a separate file to EDPP (design
is in progress).

 

How is UMP going to utilize "Channel_Name" field.

[AT] used to identify originating channel for notifications and to be
used for reporting purposes.

 

As part of Notification PCR on EDPP Switches – Email notifications for
specific products may be turned OFF at EDPP level, and hence when turned
ON, if business wants to resume the notifications from the point it was
turned off, UMP may receive many feeds for same set of account/customers
in same day. Are there any specific constraints at UMP regarding this?
Is there any specific order in which UMP will pick and deliver emails?

[AT] UMP has no restrictions on the number of files and will process all
received files. Duplicate records in the same file will be rejected.
Duplicate records in different files will be processed. Duplicate
records are determined by "Traceability ID + Delivery Method + Delivery
Address".

MRA600 to provide use cases to further define this if needed.

 

When WCM is down, why record is being rejected and why not set in RETRY
mode?

[AT] There will be a retry process in case WCM is down, I'll update
requirement to clarify. Where template not found record will be
rejected.

 

Will UMP do any validation of Traceability ID coming from CCAPPLY with
the Traceability ID format agreed upon for EDPP Batch Feed?

[AT] No, validation of the traceability ID will only be done within
specific batch file. It is for business benefit to use unique values,
which can then be used for reporting purposes. 

 

How will UMP determine which template to pick? (Only EVENT Type field OR
based on variable data as well?)

[AT] UMP will determine appropriate template based on the alert type
code (Alert_Type_Cd), language (Language), and delivery method
(Delivery_Method). UMP will store a mapping of these params to the
template name and template name will be used to pull appropriate
template from WCM. If template is not found based on the above criteria,
record will be rejected. 

 

Thanks,

 

Alina Tuguskin | Business System Analyst | Channels Technology Solutions
| TD Bank Group 

T: 905-293-3108 | alina.tuguskin@td.com <mailto:alina.tuguskin@td.com> 

 

 

-----Original Appointment-----
From: Tuguskin, Alina 
Sent: Wednesday, March 28, 2018 11:31 AM
To: Tuguskin, Alina; Katz, Howard S; Harper, Greg; Fatone, Jamey L;
Breed, Gordon G; Altemus, Suzie; Lazzaro, Bruce M; Blizard, Ron; Hayes,
Angela; Parker, Jarvis; Fonagy, Lisa; Apostol, Hermann S; Liao, Anli;
Iyer, Rekha S; Iacovelli, Christopher D; Ford, Joe; Ahmed, Ibrar; Qin,
Alan; Meeran, Ahamed; Singh, Bhuwnendra; Tang, Keith; Mann, Rani;
Collier, Karl; Rieger, Austin; Bailey, Erin E; Stoves, Melissa; Tierney,
Aidan; Purdy, Gabriel A; Martin, Linda; Hutchison, Daniel M; Miller,
Thomas; Kumar, Ravindra; Munuswamy, Chandrasekaran; Akella, Siva Rama
Krishna; Pinto, Nabil; Small, Eric; Yadav, Rajesh; DiGenova, Stephanie
M; Fassold, Robert W
Cc: Patel, Nalinbhai S; Messick, Caitlin; Osuagwu, Leontine S; Reed,
Teresa M; Donboch, Quentin F; Moll, James (James.Moll@td.com); Katikala,
Sivakumar; Gerstenbacher, Eric (Eric.Gerstenbacher@td.com); Moule,
William T (William.Moule@td.com); Steve Terry (steven.terry@td.com)
Subject: MRA600 Notificaitons - UMP Product Requirements Review Follow
Up
When: Monday, April 9, 2018 10:00 AM-11:00 AM (UTC-05:00) Eastern Time
(US & Canada).
Where: Dial in 1-866-862-7608 or 416-343-4287 Conf.ID: 3534914# 

 

 

........................................................................
.................................................................

Join online meeting
<https://meet.td.com/td/meet/alina.tuguskin/J7Q9WFZG> 

https://meet.td.com/td/meet/alina.tuguskin/J7Q9WFZG
<https://meet.td.com/td/meet/alina.tuguskin/J7Q9WFZG>    

 

First online meeting?
<http://r.office.microsoft.com/r/rlidOC10?clid=1033&p1=4&p2=1041&pc=oc&v
er=4&subver=0&bld=7185&bldver=0>  

[!OC([1033])!]

........................................................................
.................................................................

 

 

 



Internal

